ID condition category distance answer native second problem
subject_1 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac fish 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.6 1 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_1 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac ama med 5 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac ada med 2 yes No No
subject_1 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real lif diff 5 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ama med 2 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real lif diff 5 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ama med 3 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_1 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_2 obj_prac bird 0.1 6 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac bird 0.3 6 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac tree 0.1 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac tree 0.3 6 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac tree 0.6 6 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac fish 0.1 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac fish 0.6 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 No No No
subject_2 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.6 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.3 3 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.6 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.3 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.3 3 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.3 3 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.6 6 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.6 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.3 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.3 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.3 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.3 3 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.3 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.3 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 obj_real tree 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.3 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real fish 0.1 2 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bug 0.3 4 No No No
subject_2 obj_real bird 0.6 5 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac apa iden 1 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac ah3a sim 4 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac ama med 5 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac lif diff 6 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac ama iden 2 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac adda sim 3 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac ada med 4 No No No
subject_2 sound_prac doof diff 7 No No No
subject_2 sound_real apa iden 2 No No No
subject_2 sound_real doof diff 6 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ama iden 1 No No No
subject_2 sound_real adda sim 2 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ama med 5 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ah3a sim 6 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ada med 4 No No No
subject_2 sound_real lif diff 5 No No No
subject_2 sound_real lif diff 5 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ah3a sim 3 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ada med 4 No No No
subject_2 sound_real adda sim 2 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ama iden 1 No No No
subject_2 sound_real doof diff 6 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ama med 6 No No No
subject_2 sound_real apa iden 1 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ama iden 1 No No No
subject_2 sound_real lif diff 7 No No No
subject_2 sound_real apa iden 1 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ama med 7 No No No
subject_2 sound_real adda sim 2 No No No
subject_2 sound_real doof diff 6 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ada med 3 No No No
subject_2 sound_real ah3a sim 4 No No No
subject_3 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac bird 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_prac bug 0.6 7 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.3 6 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_3 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac apa iden 4 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac ama med 4 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac ada med 5 yes No No
subject_3 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real adda sim 5 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ah3a sim 5 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real lif diff 3 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real apa iden 6 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real lif diff 4 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_3 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac bird 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac bug 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac ama iden 4 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac ada med 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ada med 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real adda sim 4 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ada med 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_4 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_5 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac ama med 6 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac ada med 5 yes No No
subject_5 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_5 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_6 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac ah3a sim 5 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac ada med 4 yes No No
subject_6 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_6 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac bird 0.1 6 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac bird 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac tree 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac fish 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac bug 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_7 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.6 2 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.6 2 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.6 1 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bird 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real fish 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real tree 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_7 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac apa iden 4 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac ah3a sim 6 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac ada med 6 yes No No
subject_7 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_7 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac tree 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_8 obj_prac bug 0.6 7 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.6 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.6 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.6 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.6 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_8 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac ama med 6 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac adda sim 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac ada med 4 yes No No
subject_8 sound_prac doof diff 6 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real apa iden 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real adda sim 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real doof diff 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real apa iden 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ama med 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_8 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac bird 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.3 6 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bird 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real fish 0.1 5 yes No No
subject_9 obj_real bug 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac apa iden 4 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac ah3a sim 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac ama med 5 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac ada med 2 yes No No
subject_9 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real lif diff 5 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real apa iden 4 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real doof diff 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ah3a sim 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real doof diff 6 yes No No
subject_9 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac adda sim 4 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac ada med 4 yes No No
subject_10 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_10 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac tree 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_11 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac ama med 6 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac ada med 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_11 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real fish 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_12 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac ah3a sim 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac ama med 4 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac ada med 5 yes No No
subject_12 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real doof diff 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real apa iden 4 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real lif diff 5 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ama iden 4 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ama med 3 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real adda sim 3 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real lif diff 4 yes No No
subject_12 sound_real ama med 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac ama med 4 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac ada med 3 yes No No
subject_13 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_13 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_14 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac ama med 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac ada med 5 yes No No
subject_14 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_14 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_15 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac ah3a sim 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac adda sim 3 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac ada med 4 yes No No
subject_15 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ah3a sim 5 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_15 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_16 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bug 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_16 obj_real tree 0.6 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac ah3a sim 6 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac ada med 4 yes No No
subject_16 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ah3a sim 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_16 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac bug 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_17 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac ada med 4 yes No No
subject_17 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ada med 4 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real apa iden 2 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real ah3a sim 4 yes No No
subject_17 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_18 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac ada med 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ada med 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ama med 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ah3a sim 2 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ada med 6 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_18 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac bird 0.3 5 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_19 obj_prac bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.3 1 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.3 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac ah3a sim 5 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac ama med 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac ada med 3 yes No No
subject_19 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ama iden 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ada med 5 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real doof diff 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ah3a sim 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ama med 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ah3a sim 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real lif diff 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real adda sim 2 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ah3a sim 6 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real ama med 5 yes No No
subject_19 sound_real doof diff 6 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac bird 0.1 4 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac bird 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac bug 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_prac bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.6 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.3 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.1 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.3 4 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.6 4 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.1 1 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bug 0.6 5 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real tree 0.6 6 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real bird 0.3 3 yes No No
subject_20 obj_real fish 0.1 2 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac ah3a sim 5 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac ama med 6 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac ada med 2 yes No No
subject_20 sound_prac doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ada med 2 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ama iden 2 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real doof diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real lif diff 7 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ama iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real adda sim 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ah3a sim 3 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real apa iden 1 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ama med 4 yes No No
subject_20 sound_real ada med 3 yes No No
